Add docs for applying CORS to SignalR hubs without global middleware (#36936)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/security/includes/security7.md

In the previous example, the CORS policy is customized to allow specific origins, methods, and credentials. For more information on customizing CORS policies and middleware in ASP.NET Core, see [CORS middleware: CORS with named policy and middleware](xref:security/cors#cors-with-named-policy-and-middleware).

### Apply a CORS policy to SignalR hub endpoints

> Instead of applying a CORS policy globally with the `UseCors` middleware, CORS can be applied specifically to SignalR hub endpoints. This approach allows different CORS policies for different parts of the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of applying a CORS policy globally with the `UseCors` middleware, you can apply CORS specifically to SignalR hub endpoints. This approach allows different CORS policies for different parts of the app.
```

> Both approaches require a named CORS policy to be registered in the service configuration. The following example defines a policy named `"SignalRPolicy"`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to apply a CORS policy to SignalR hubs: chaining `RequireCors` on the endpoint mapping, or adding the `[EnableCors]` attribute to the Hub class. Both approaches require a named CORS policy to be registered in the service configuration. The following example defines a policy named `"SignalRPolicy"`:
```
